I'm always fasinated by the ideology argument. That it is wrong to do something because you belief it is right and have thought about the ideas behind it! To not have an ideology - does this mean that you don't think that any other world view is acceptable, or that you simple don't think? If you look at education philosophy and ideas it becomes clear that our current state school system is very much based on a narrow set of ideas. Early formal education, adult-led activities, single age classes, each child across the country pretty much studying the same thing, in the same way at the same time irrespective of ability, interest or other opportunities. One single ideology! Independent schools have much greater freedom to follow other educational philosophies and practices - Montessori, Steiner, small alternative schools and Summerhill being particularly noteworthy. But there is in practice very limited access to these - it costs money, and these schools are few and far between. Home educators on the other hand can use all these methods as and when appropriate. They can use tutors, courses, other home educating parents, older children, other specialists with other skills and knowledge, books, science kits, a bought curriculum, internet resources etc etc. Home education is for most a community enterprise. Home educators come from many backgrounds, with many different beliefs and use many different educational methods - from the very structured, adult-led to the informal, child-led. Some choose it at the start because their child appears to be unsuited to early formal education, or because they favour education methods not available in state schools. Others come to it later because school has not worked for their child. But they are guided by their own values, beliefs and yes - ideology. But then everyone is. To say school is best is every bit as ideological as any argument for home education. If we don't make decisions based on our ideas and beliefs, our moral values and our understanding of the world - then surely we are failing to do our best for our children. Whether the result is choosing a state school, independent school or home education will depend on our children, our selves and our family situations. 