If  you want what is best for your child,  you'll send them to a private school.  I think the idea that sending all children to public schools is a poor way to bring public education up to grade.  Most would say, not at the expense of my child, and they would be right.  The entire socialist mentality has no place here in the United States.  This is still a country where your successes do provide some benefits. Education is one.  I hope that the government doesn't make that impossible to.  Just look at public schools.  Who in their right mind would want their children to have to rely on an education from one of those to prepare them for life?  You've got to be kidding.  No thanks.  If you don't believe that they are as bad as I think they are, then you need only pay close attention when you're in a situation where young people might be talking or better yet when they are at a check out register.  You will soon understand the failings of the public school system.  The idea that I should consider a lower level of achievement  for my children so that the public schools MIGHT improve is ridiculous.  All that would accomplish is further reducing the number of properly educated young people.  Look at the world achievement rankings of our young people.  We are not number one in any single category.  We are a second rate nation when it comes to education and while were' at it we aren't exactly a shinning example of  exemplary medicine either.  It's just embarrassing to see what the United States is becoming.  I say that because I love my country and it really bothers me to see our politicians drag us down further and further in to the abyss.  This is not the country of my youth.  An example on the news yesterday covers yet another area that we are suffering with terrible.  Honesty and morality in our youth.  Two young people went into a retail store of some sort.  The lock on the door was broken and the lights of the establishment were on.  So the two people walked in to do their shopping.  Once they were ready to pay for the items they wanted they realized no one seemed to be there.  So they left the cash on the counter, including tax.  I was surprised they could actually calculate that.  Probably from a private school.  At any rate I do have a point to make.  The fact that it made the news that these two kids were honest is amazing.  The store management even provided them with some sort of reward.  All of this attention and a reward for doing the right thing.  That says something about our morals or ethics if you will. 