I could not get my kid into a public school of my choice. Here in San Francisco public school system is detrimental to kids health.  Instead of neighborhood schools where kid can walk to school, the system is forcing kids to be bussed across town to a 'Trading Places' schools in order to make all schools equally bad and dangerous.  I had to move out from the city because there were no places available in private schools either.  Now my kid is in a much better school district with much better public schools.  If I had a chance to place him in a private school in the city, I would probably be still there.  Schools need to be better in order to attract parents and kids and not the other way around. Kids are not sacrificial part of our lives. We can not send them to bad schools hoping that the schools will get better if they do. The system needs to be set up in such a way as to cater to different level of kids, the one where kids that aspire to go to college can coexists with the kids that want to just graduate and get on with their lives as well as the once ho aspire to spend their lives on government sponsored housing, food and security guards. Currently the major city school districts programs adjust to the lowest performing kids leaving the rest to fend for themselves.   I do believe in a public education system. I am a product of one long gone system that was very demanding and unforgiving and proud of it.  I spend a lot of money on tutoring my kid who is a straight A student as-is just to get him to the level of private education and open doors for him in the future.  I believe that if public education system were to get better, more people would opt-in. Saying 'bring your kids in and it will get better' is a bunch of BS.  It takes generations to make it better so the author wants to sacrifice a generation of well off kids for that. It will not happen not in a lifetime of a caring parent.   Bottom line kids are the most valuable part of life a parent can have and they are not Guiney Pigs. 