From a single parent who does not send her child to a private school.  Note: There are reasons why I would if I could and there are reasons why I wouldn't.  But that's not why I'm posting this 'comment'... 1. To label all parents as 'bad' for sending their kids to a private school is, simply put, prejudice.  2.  Not all parents that send their children to a private school have the same agenda (hidden or open).  I see/know of some who genuinely feel that a private school will give their child a better chance at a better career.  There are others that I see/know of that appear to feel it puts them in a classier category.  3.  I know many people who have gone to public schools and became very successful in there career and I know many people who have gone to private schools that haven't been so succesful. 4.  What would happen if EVERYONE wanted to and could send their kids to a private school??  Private schools would be like public schools?  Would we remove the entire 'public school' system, build more smaller schools w/ smaller classes?  What? 5.  How a child turns out, in attitude, career, common sense, intelligence, etc....  Depends only some on the school...  A bigger part of it is reliant on the PARENTS and what they teach them at home! Also on the childs natural ability and desire to learn.  You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink.  Doesn't matter if you are educated publicly or privately, in the end the child makes his/her own choice starting with what they've learned at home.     If a child is pushed too hard, many times when they are set free they fail simply because they chose to finally enjoy the relief from the pressures they had at home.  They choose to begin living their childhood that they never had.  If a child isn't pushed hard enough, they don't learn the value of working hard at something.  Really...  There's no perfect parenting, no perfect education system.  HAPPY MIDDLE seems to be a good working system for many things. Educate, Love, Discipline and teach your children to RESPECT.  Everything else will eventually fall into place from there.    Parents as a whole need to stop judging and analyzing eachother and eachother's children.  Stop judging based on what school they or their kid went to.  Stop judging based on the success of their schools athletic successes.  Stop teaching their children to compete and instead teach them to work together.  Start teaching them equality.  Start teaching them by leading good examples themselves. 