Public Schools....a free breakfast, a free lunch, and free babysitting for parents at home and for students in class.   In short, if parents have an investment in the public school system, they’re probably going to make its improvement a priority. So pay tuition like everybody who goes to private school so that you are truly "investing in the education of your child".   “I believe in public education, but my district school really isn’t good! you might say. I understand. You want the best for your child, but your child doesn't need it." My child doesn't need it!!! By God and by Gumby if I can provide the best for my child I'll sure as hell will do so. Better education=Better job=Better Life. The very core of the American dream has been to make it better for our children. That they wouldn't have to struggle as hard as the previous generation. Who are you to tell me my child doesn't need better?!   Benedikt writes that if one can afford private school, chances are, their child will come from an environment that allows them to overcome “a perfectly crappy public school.” “She will have support at home (that’s you!) and all the advantages that go along with being a person whose family can pay for and cares about superior education—the exact kind of family that can help your crappy public school become less crappy.” Why should my child have to overcome "a perfectly crappy public school'. It appears from this statement children at crappy public schools do not have parental support or parents who care about a better education for their child. How is my child going to a crappy school supposed to fix that?! Perhaps the child going to a crappy public school has parents who went to the same crappy public and they just say that's the way it is. They didn't get involved as a student, they aren't involved as a parent.   Parents of private school students tend to be property owners and pay both a property tax to support public schools and a tuition to support their child in private school. It is both physically and fiscally impossible for the public school system to absorb the private school system. Public schools are, if you ask ANY public school employee, overcrowded and underfunded. Where will you put all these students? Where will the teachers come from? How will the public school system pay for it all? It's not like they are going to get an influx of money from taxes you already get!! Maybe a little State or Federal monies; but certainly not enough.   Private schools tend to be more disciplined and less tolerant of troublemakers, with a better learning environment. After all they can expel students from the "good" school and send them to "a crappy public school" where perhaps the parents will take an interest. Public schools seem to tolerate any kind of behavior or classroom environment, have a horrific learning environment. They just pass everyone along until they drop out or graduate as an illiterate let down by the "public school system".   Education is a 2 way street. Competent teachers must teach and the student must apply their self to learning. A classroom needs to be a controlled learning environment, not a battlefield of mayhem and destruction. Those that want a good education should have one. Those that don't and could care less about it can become cannon fodder and even that's becoming more difficult in the modern military.   The saying is: You get what you pay for....a free public school education, well there you go. Perhaps if students attending public school had to pay tuition as well, then perhaps the parents would be more "invested" in their education. But if you care less about your child's free education, you probably won't care about the one you pay for either. A parent who cares about the quality of their child's free education will take an interest in it, and if they can provide a better education, chances are they will. 