I try not to be anti-homeschooling, but... it's just hard for me. I really haven't met any homeschoolers who turned out quite right, including myself. I apologize if what I'm saying offends any of you - that's not my intention, I know that there are many homeschooled children who do just fine, but that hasn't been my experience. 
I have a friend who is 16, the same age as me. She has never watched a PG-13 movie. She has never been on the internet. She only reads books that her parents pick out for her. She is not allowed to go outside by herself. She is not allowed to listen to non-religious music. She has no idea how people get pregnant. She acts younger than her age, and I often find that in order to get along with her, I have to act less mature as well. Now, I understand her parents' point of view. Not everything in the media is okay. Being outdoors by yourself can be dangerous. But she's not a child anymore, she's going to legally be an adult in two years, and she does not understand the world at all. Yeah, the world is a pretty suckish place, and I can completely understand why any parent would want to shield their child from it. But if you're going to survive in it, you have to know what you're up against. I can tell you without a doubt that when my friend reaches adulthood and leaves home, she will be stepping into a world that she knows nothing about, and she's going to suffer because of it. 
I know my friend's case is rather extreme, but the thing is... the vast majority of my homeschooled friends have similar issues. Many of them are also very over-protected by their parents, and many of them, to be honest, act more like 6th-graders than 10th-graders. They just don't understand the world. They just don't get it. Yes, they socialize with other people - but those people are other white, right-winged, heterosexual Christians. To this day, I tend to feel uncomfortable around anyone who doesn't fit that criteria (ironically enough, since I'm a left-winged, pansexual atheist). Why? Because I was never allowed to socialize with them as a child. 
Again, I do apologize if anyone finds this offensive in any way. I know that there are plenty of homeschoolers who turn out just fine... but I've never met them in reality. 