Out of step with the Swedes? Prior to the 1990s, there were only a handful of private schools in Sweden, mostly tuition-funded boarding schools, whereof Sigtunaskolan and Lundsbergs skola are the most well known. A major education reform in 1992 allowed privately run schools offering primary or secondary education to receive public funding for each student, at a level similar to what public schools receive. These are called "free schools" (friskolor), and in 2008 there were around 900 of them. 
You forgot to mention that the free schools in Sweden are exactly that, free. They can not charge fees of any kind and the only money they receive is via the childs voucher. 
I have lived in Sweden and I I can tell you that the reality of the Swedish free school system is that the "private" schools are not as good. They have less teachers, they teach subjects that differ in some respects from state syllabus and are in many instances are Islamic or religious in nature. 
Many new immigrants to Sweden were refusing to send their children to state schools and the introduction of the friskolor was to help with that issue. 
You also forgot to mention that the largest free school operator in Sweden is shutting its doors because it has gone broke and the Swedish government is thinking of doing away with the whole thing and going back to a well integrated state system for all. 
You also forgot to mention that private schools for the rich in Sweden receive zero funding.
You left out a bit of the quote from Wikipedia that you used about Sweden. It goes something like this: "they are not allowed to discriminate or require admission examinations, nor are they allowed to charge the students any additional fees." Does put a somewhat different complexion on the situation, doesn't it?? Right wingers love to selectively quote from authoritative sources as a way of totally misrepresenting what is being said. The problem for you lot today is that the internet allows others to discover your falsehoods and misrepresentations immediately they are committed. 
The international comparisons aren't really comparable. For instance, what the 7% figure for kids educated in private schools in the UK doesn't mention is the fact that England, at least, still has quite a large number of selective grammar schools - so if you're academically inclined, the public system can still cater for you and give you a high quality education amongst a similarly focused peer group. Really all the Australian figures indicate is that parents don't trust the Australian public school system to educate their kids because it's too worried about being egalitarian and non-competitive (at the same time as becoming more and more under-resourced as fewer people opt to use it). 
No, The reason they choose it is to give their own child an educational advantage that is not related to their academic competence and that will enable them to join the upper class. The thing I find amusing about the Conservatives is the blatantly obvious ploy they use to divert attention from the fact that they are re-created and re-enforcing the class system by their choice of education for their children by screaming that the rest of us are obsessed with class when we point out that is what they are doing. 
One of the great re-enforcements of the British Feudal class system for centuries has been the "public" school system, by which they actually mean the private school system. That is true wherever you have a private school system that caters to the wealthy, the establishment and the Churches. 