I think that the superiority over one type of schooling doesn't exist. It all depends on the person. I went to public school and was in every club, president of some, and also was in the Student Body Presidency. Public schooling creates lots of oppurtunities to meet large groups of people. This was good for me because my type of personality is to lead people, though usually through manipulation bargains and other types of persuasion, not because im a strong leader. At the same time I signed up for homechooling so that I could launch myself into college. I've never done regular homeschooling though. So I don't have grounds on it. But I live in a community that could be considered a little rednecked and the extremes are a little more common here. But, hey, my first year as a full time student in college was at 13, which I'm not anyore, but i feel like im behind because all of the General facts about things you learn in regular school, I don't know. Where you could study the World in Highschool,, I might spend two years just to get an overview of the United States History in college. 
Another point to be made is your peers, if your a introvert, than it doesn't really matter which school you go to on this point, If you are an extrovert then here are the facts: when public school was created, many people grasped it to recieve a free education and now it is a part of everyday life, at least it is in the United States, that means that there are a lot of poeple in public school and so it would be great for an extrovert. On the other side Homechoolers, depending on where you live and possibly how you are homeschooled, have homeschooling groups which not only have a large group of people, though usually smaller thatn the public school, but have the freedom of doing things togethermore often, Time schedules are more flexible and if you really wanted to you could skip a whole day of school in the middle of the wek just to hand out eith people. This point may actually lead to a superiorty in certain areas on one side or the other 