Woahhh, guys, some of this is starting to get a little attack-y.
I'm on the homeschool side of the debate. That said, I don't believe it's the best in every single case. For the purpose of this argument, I'm referring to homeschooling as any kind of flexible education: online schools, unschooling, a hodge-podge of curricula from different places, anything. But here are my reasons: 
1.) The primary responsibility of the education of a child rests on the parents. Children are not owned by the government, and the government cannot tell people how to raise their children. Some of you with different political backgrounds may disagree, but this is what I believe. Ideological reasons for homeschooling are, in my opinion, completely legitimate. 
2.) Every child is different. I see a lot of you on both sides saying this too. Homeschooling allows you to tailor your education to whatever way helps you learn best. My school has a heavy focus on writing, and using essays. This really helps me retain the information, and so it's wonderful for me. Other schools have other methods. But when you put 30 kids in one classroom, it becomes very difficult to teach them all individually. 
3.) The public school system in most places is out of control. I know some of you are saying, "Well, in MY public school they didn't...." and that's great. Maybe for the people who live in that neighborhood, homeschooling isn't the better option. But I had to go to my local public school to take the PSAT and someone was getting arrested as we were leaving. So in some cases there's a safety issue. In other places, it's what kids will hear, and I'm not talking about peers. This isn't the place to argue about Planned Parenthood, but the things they say to children as young as ten are things that shouldn't be said without a parent's permission. Schools everywhere are failing to crack down on issues like bullying, and failing a lot of other things too. 
4.) You don't have as much busywork. I can learn and do schoolwork and still have time for loads of other experiences. Kids have too much homework; no one I know who goes to school gets enough sleep. 
5.) There are exceptions to this, but this is true for the MAJORITY of homeschoolers: you get healthier socialization! I have so many AMAZING friends now from homeschool events. There are such things as homeschool groups, and we get together just for the purpose of socializing. Plus, you're exposed to a wider age range when you're homeschooled. I would think it weird to talk to someone in another grade back at school, but I have friends I can honestly call BFFs ranging from age 11-23. 
So those are my main points. I could go on forever, but I won't. Healthy, wonderful people can come out of any education; same for unhealthy people. I do know one family over-sheltered homeschoolers who fit the stereotypes; and I know some AWESOME, WONDERFUL people who go to public school. The point is not to fling those stereotypes back and forth, but to have a respectful discussion about the ideas of a home education versus a public standardized environment. 
And if any part of that made no sense, just point it out. It's 12:40...