BSW you've made some really good points about public school not being as *free* as it used to be and having to supplement the costs of some of these extracurricular activities. We've had to do that also and it was not as costly for my parents as it is for us w/ our kids. Whether some of it is because of the cost of living differences from when I was in school or whether it's because the activities just seem to need (or rather peer pressured into) more of the extras that kids have nowdays that maybe we didn't, I'm not sure about. Could be a bit of both. But I do understand what you mean by your examples. 
Here's the thing though...public education is not *free*. We as parents are paying for it through our tax dollars (and when my taxes come due every year the majority of that money goes towards school taxes more than anything else). Our public school system is not what I would consider a "poor" school. Yet every single parent is given a list of "school supplies" that needs to be supplied for the kids at our school...on that list it is specifically requested certain types of supplies that by the teachers request are on the high end of cost. Also things on this list of "school supplies" are things like kleenex, hand sanitizers, toilet paper, paper towels, etc. To top that off our school district has voted in uniforms since my oldest was in 3rd or 4th grade. That's 2 sets of clothes that I have to buy for my kids every year...their regular clothes and their school uniforms. On average it costs somewhere around $1200 every year to just get my two younger kids started in public school between supplies and uniforms (that's not including costs for their everyday clothing), not counting the extras throughout the year for their extracurricular activities. There never was much of this kind of stuff for my parents to have to deal w/ when I was in school. 
Side note: I voted against the uniforms and I have griped and complained every single year about it. The "reasoning" was so that the poorer kids wouldn't be able to be singled out as easily by their clothing (generic vs. name brands) yet they have given us a basic guideline to go by for the uniforms, which doesn't do anything to change what brought about the reasoning behind it. The wealthier kids still buy their polos & khaki's from places like Aeropostle & such while the poorer buy their polos & khaki's from Walmart & Dollar Stores. There's still the issue of name brand vs. generic and being able to tell the difference in the classes of wealthy or poor. All that the parents that voted this in have done is put more of a burden on the poorer families by requiring them to have to buy two different types of clothing for their children...the school could have at least given a standard requirement for uniforms like most private schools in our area do (here is where we order our uniforms from, fill out your order and send it in to the school along w/ your money so we can process). But their reasoning for not doing that was because they wanted to try and keep the cost down as much as possible for the poorer families. Makes absolutely no sense whatsoever to me....but go figure... 