There are two ways to have social control, culture or authority over the people. Which would you prefer if you realized you have a choice? 
The orignal purpose of mandated free public education, was to teach good citizenship. This was also the sole purpose of public education until we entered the first world war and added vocational training. That is, the sole purpose of education was to manifest a culture and avoid social problems and the need for authority over the people. I consider this vital to liberty and freedom, and hope you consider thinking about the importance of the defined purpose of education, because our democracy is about to be as forgotten as the one of Athens. 
Vocational training was a huge advantage to public education when school attendance was completely voluntary and parents needed their children's labor and had no use for education that was just fluff. In my life time, many parents prefered for the children to be working, rather than in school. Fortunately, enough parents realized the advantage education would give their children, who could then get better jobs and have better lives, to give our society a growning population of well educated people, who could then advance our economy and promote our freedom. A lack of education is a very ugly thing and our nation would have never become what it is today if we hadn't educated the masses, and transmitted a culture to a significant number of people to assure us liberty and freedom. 
However, until 1958 the priority of public education was still citizenship, and this is what protected our liberty. Learning a vocational skill only enhanced good citizenship. It supported our values, rather then destroy them. 
Education since 1958 has been very destructive to our national values, and threatens our liberty and justice. Instead of preparing us to be adults with families, we are now prepared to serve the Military Industrial Complex, and our government, given the excessive power of this Military Industrial Complex, has taken us into a poorly thought out war that is draining our national wealth and threatening our economic stability. We are burying our land of liberty and justice for all, and I sure hope you become more concerned about why we have education and what we want to do with it. 