Hi. I am a teacher in a special school but I am going to give you my experience as a sibling.
My youngest brother has just turned 18 and like your son has mosaic Downs Syndrome. He coped fine all the way through primary school, he was in mainstream, and the majority of the kids loved him. The staff were fantastic too but obviously we had a few problems with some parents, saying he shouldn't be there. 
Our problems came when he moved to secondary school, he went to mainstream. He started to fall behind and as the other children matured they started to grow away from him. He did years, 7,8 and 9. In that time he went from being a happy child who would try anything and had lots of friends, to a child withdrawn, unhappy and lonely. He wasn't going out at playtimes and lunchtimes, he sat inside in his form room and he ate his lunch away from everyone else too. It even got to the point where my mum had to pick him up at 2:00 everyday as they didn't have anyone to support him. 
Throughout that 3 years, from the time he first showed signs of being unhappy, my mum fought to get him into our local special school. He eventually joined special school in year 10. The change was incredible within a few months. After 4 weeks he was eating in the school hall, after 6 weeks he was going outside at playtimes and lunchtimes. The Christmas after he started in the September, he was in his first school concert, he was so happy and confident, back to the boy he used to be. Myself and my parents and our 6 other siblings were in the audience, all with tears streaming down our faces, even our 3 brothers who were at the time aged, 29, 22 and 21. 
My mum always says her biggest regret is not sending him to special school for year 7.
My brother now has a large network of friends, he is going into his 3rd year of post 16 in September. He has completed qualifications and awards, and is doing work experience at the local riding stables and Greggs bakery. He attends a drama club and a sports club after school and enjoys playing for the schools boccia team and he is in the samba band. He goes on trips and outings all over the county we live in. 
My brother also has a good social life out of school. He has a girlfriend who also has Downs Syndrome. He goes to WWE shows and has a season ticket for Manchester United, he goes with 2 of his big brothers, he goes to the pub with his brothers. He also has 2 friends still from mainstream who have no special needs but they take him to the cinema with them or the local driving range and they come round and have boys nights in with him when my parents go out for the evening. 
Sorry I've got carried away.
I also teach in the special school that my brother attends. Can I just say to the lady who complained about us. I can honestly say, on my grandads grave, that we work to the best of the each individual childs ability. If your son is still on p levels then I am afraid that is the level he is reaching, do you do any educational things with him at home? Read etc, do you think he is more capable, if so please talk to the school or discuss it in his next annual review. Same with writing, we can't force children to write, not all children will. My daughter who is 8 moved to a special school just after Christmas, she is doing very well and is extremely happy. I understand that she will never go to university but I personally feel it is more important to teach her life skills, ie, make a drink or a sandwich and wash properly than to read and write, I want her to enjoy her life. 
Sorry for waffling.
There is no right or wrong answer, you have to do what is right for you and your son.