As a secondary teacher who is currently a SAHM with two kids under 4, I've applied for my sons' primary place next year. If he likes it, he'll stay, if he doesn't like it, he'll stay and i'll work with the school to sort the problems, if he still doesn't get on, i'll homeschool. Same with the daughter. Homeschooling is not something I have a problem with. However, I have taughth some children who have been homeschooled up to Secondary level. 40% of them were fantastic and had obviously had superb parenting and a grounded education with lots of input from a variety of educators and people. They went on to do very well. 60 % of them were homeschooled badly, were not up to speed, had evidently not done much mixing, and the kids themselves struggled to fit in at all for the first few years and did not do as well academically. Frankly, the difference is in the parenting and input, not in the method of education. And the same goes for any child in any school, as any teacher will tell you. The kids that do well and attain up to their optimum levels are the ones with good parental support. At school, or homeschooled. 
I would also like to add that I personally, in many years in a very mixed comprehensive in Inner London, never took the blindest bit of notice of who was currently "failing" as a group, whether it be black, Asian, white boys, girls or bunny rabbits. I tended to teach the kids in my class as individuals. The one factor that I did notice made the biggest difference was, as mentioned above, parenting. If a teacher can call the parent and get backed up, and work with the parent, then the kid will do well and work through difficulties. Sadly, many parents seemed to regard school as a babysitter, not something to be worked with, and were all to ready to blame the teachers or school rather then themselves or the child. You really can't expect a child to listen to a teacher telling them they can succeed, when their parents can't be bothered to pick them up after a football match, or send them to school dirty, unwashed. Or leave it to the teacher (me) to pick the kid up from a supermarket for shoplifting and sort it out, because they are watching the football. All this and more happened to me. On the other hand, some parents were fabulous, agreeing to hand me the leads to the X-Box until I decided the work had improved, or calling on my phone in my lesson to check up. That, not race, is the difference. But that's a whole bag opened: why do some parents not care? Why do some parents not think their kids can attain? It's not something I expect to improve under this government, which has already basically written off a whole sector of society as not worth it. 